fun racing made it bland hits the ground
in early part taught me no lies showing
speed it's now tell me no lies followed
by bottom Sahara racing third lady bland
alongside now he's a real spicy yeah
three and a half planks to Empire
Kingdom followed by mr. Victoria while
the sound of silence is running in at a
table fielder tell me no lies debating
the race about the land can help to
popping Sierra and blanks for about
mouth - real spicy Mary bland into the
drive for the first time he's terminal
eyes leads by some - on her plans for a
Buy button Sahara and racing re outside
three of spicy alongside now is Mary
bland six lengths away 12 are king and
followed by mr. victory long way back
the son of silence and are destroyed a
traveler it's the tell me no lies Vidya
Balan can I have followed now by real
spicy yeah but Hong silly are racing
third native land down in Porta and six
to seven lengths away to embark Inga in
Rabat they travel terminal eyes real
spicy here comes in yellow colors that's
native Lana
passing the half-mile it's now real
spicy being joined by Mary bland and
raising turtle me no lies boppin senior
long way back to Empire King inside the
Rising Sun red we've got a batter oh
yeah real spices run by revealed matey
bland on the outside and down in third
by South I blanks but on senior here
comes mister Victoria
inside last 480 bland to believe now
Bella angry of spicy ax here comes mr.
victory coming into the race to
hozukimaru are some ternary plan despise
her for an hour mr. big three Ariane
seven real spicy yeah that's the name
plan racing away now in a goal kappa and
finally it's very bland and mr. victory
real spicy and parkings on Absalon sir
tell me no lies and bottom tsilya